gh-99304: [Enum] clarify what constitutes a flag alias (#99395)
python/cpython: Doc/howto/enum.rst

    >>> list(Shape)
    [<Shape.SQUARE: 2>, <Shape.DIAMOND: 1>, <Shape.CIRCLE: 3>]

Note that ``Shape.ALIAS_FOR_SQUARE`` does not show up.  And::

    >>> list(Weekday)
    [<Weekday.MONDAY: 1>, <Weekday.TUESDAY: 2>, <Weekday.WEDNESDAY: 4>, <Weekday.THURSDAY: 8>, <Weekday.FRIDAY: 16>, <Weekday.SATURDAY: 32>, <Weekday.SUNDAY: 64>,

> ``Weekday.WEEKEND`` does not show up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [<Shape.SQUARE: 2>, <Shape.DIAMOND: 1>, <Shape.CIRCLE: 3>]
    >>> list(Weekday)
    [<Weekday.MONDAY: 1>, <Weekday.TUESDAY: 2>, <Weekday.WEDNESDAY: 4>, <Weekday.THURSDAY: 8>, <Weekday.FRIDAY: 16>, <Weekday.SATURDAY: 32>, <Weekday.SUNDAY: 64>]

Note that the aliases ``Shape.ALIAS_FOR_SQUARE`` and ``Weekday.WEEKEND`` aren't shown.
```

I suggest combining these, as its more concise, less repetitive, and IMO reads better and more cleanly/clearly. Also, I fixed a typo in the latter output (missing `]` and extra `,`).

    >>> [name for name, member in Shape.__members__.items() if member.name != name]
    ['ALIAS_FOR_SQUARE']

.. note::

   Aliases for flags includes values with multiple flags set, such as 3, and no flags

>    set, i.e. 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Aliases for flags include values with multiple flags set, such as ``3``,
   and no flags set, i.e. ``0``.
```

* Fix grammar (plural agreement)
* Use literal for literal values

class are correct (such as :meth:`__new__`, :meth:`__getnewargs__`,
:meth:`__str__` and :meth:`__repr__`).

Flag Classes
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Flags have an expanded view of aliasing: to be canonical the value of a flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flags have an expanded view of aliasing: to be canonical, the value of a flag
```

Missing comma

needs to be a power-of-two value, and not a duplicate name.  So, in addition to the

> enum definition of alias, a flag with no value (a.k.a. ``0``) or with more than one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`Enum` definition of alias, a flag with no value (a.k.a. ``0``) or with more than one
```

I believe you're referring to the `Enum` class here, contrasted with `Flag`? If so, its worth being explicit here.

and then puts a custom :meth:`__new__` in place to ensure that no new ones are
ever instantiated by returning only the existing member instances.

Flag Members
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Flag members can be iterated over just like the Flag class, and only the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flag members can be iterated over just like the :class:`Flag` class, and only the
```

Use the appropriate markup here. Alternatively, if you don't want to link the reference,

```suggestion
Flag members can be iterated over just like the :class:`!Flag` class, and only the
```

canonical members will be returned.  For example,
``list(Color) ==  [<Color.RED: 1>, <Color.GREEN: 2>, <Color.BLUE: 4>]``.

> (Note that ``BLACK``, ``PURPLE``, and ``WHITE`` do not show up.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
canonical members will be returned.  For example::

    >>> list(Color)
    [<Color.RED: 1>, <Color.GREEN: 2>, <Color.BLUE: 4>]

(Note that ``BLACK``, ``PURPLE``, and ``WHITE`` do not show up.)
```

IMO, its clearer and easier to read like this, as the code gets set off in a block with syntax highlighting and explicit input/output separation (and it could also be doctested). Also fixed a spacing issue

> Inverting a flag member does not return a negative value, but the
> corresponding positive value -- for example,
> ``~Color.RED == <Color.GREEN|BLUE: 6>``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inverting a flag member returns the corresponding positive value,
rather than a negative value --- for example::

    >>> ~Color.RED
    <Color.GREEN|BLUE: 6>
```

* Likewise, I set the example off in a code block to make it easier to read/parse and more explicit, and make it actually valid Python syntax
* The previously phrasing was pretty confusing/hard to read for me here (and could be particularly so for non-native speakers), so I reversed it.
* This should be an em dash (`—`/`---`), not an en dash (`–`/`--`).

Flag members have a length corresponding to the number of power-of-two values

> they contain.  For example, ``len(Color.PURPLE) == 2``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they contain.  For example::

    >>> len(Color.PURPLE)
    2
```

Likewise (though perhaps less critical than the others).

> .. _enum-cookbook:

Reviewer: Seems like you're missing a top-level section heading here? This paragraph and ref target appears to be refering to a new set of distinct topic, but is under the `How are Enums and Flags different` heading, and this intro paragraph is nunder the `Flag Members` section. Presumably, this is what you intend, and it got lost at some point:

```suggestion
.. _enum-cookbook:

Enum Cookbook
-------------
```
